It's 8:57 PM on Aug 09, 2023

Title:: AI in Heathcare

Even if people are sceptical of the recent AI development as its the dawn of a new and unfamiliar age. But I think people will have a change of mind easily. For eg. an average person will always trust a calculator more than a human with their calculations.

***
## Beyond Modern Heathcare 
The most interesting possibility I can think of is: using AI or advanced algorithms for giving personalised healthcare. 
1. Instead of medicine based on averages, you have a personalised medicine that has much more effective curing and less possibility of having side-effects.
2. Preventing the disease by detecting it in the early stages through a daily check-up.

## Making it a Reality 
It would need the data from every medical research and studies across the globe and software + hardware development. So that it can be distributed across the world. It would be like an essential item in people's home like smartphone. Now that reminds me of Baymax from Big Hero 6 (a personal healthcare robot).

What i fear is: 
- it's commercialization by a big tech giant,
- failure to integrate it into our current healthcare system, or
- failure to create such algorithm in the first place.

## What's the need?
There was an recent movie about a man who was in-charge of making the first atomic bomb - J. Robert Oppenheimer. Atomic energy can light up the world or become a weapon of mass destruction, and people wonder which one was created first. 
The boundaries of knowledge will be expanded only when there's a need. 

---